meeting - warm handoff 6/21/2018
Action items:
log into sdadmin
check out configuration
read documentation

After the warm handoff, I was tasked with development and logistical planning of the front end of Baillie's Jira instance. This included the following:
  End user-facing:
    coordinating colors
    icon/favicon implementation
    UI design considerations
    portal setup
  Agent facing:
    dashboard implementation
    queue setup
  System facing:
    ticket/issue importation
    mail setup

Coordinating colors
Within Jira Administration (gear icon) > System > User interface > Look and feel:
Header Background Color: #ffffff
    Header background should be white
Header Highlight Background Color: #ffffff
    When items in header have focus, the background should remain the same
Header Separator Color: #c9c9c9
    Horizontal line separating header from content should be gray, closely matching system content separator color
Header Text Color: #0e1f19
    Text in header should be close to black (slightly green)
Header Text Highlight Color: #015e3d
    This is the "Baillie color" as taken from baillie.com. Items with focus in the header will get this color
Menu Item Highlight Background Color: #015e3d
    In dropdown menus, backgrounds for items with focus will have the Baillie color
Menu Item Highlight Text Color: #ffffff
    In dropdown menus, text will be white for readability on the Baillie color
Button Background Color: #006a46
    A variation of the Baillie color, buttons will be green
Button Text Color: #ffffff
    On top of the Baillie color variation, button text should be white
Link Active Color: #00a365
    When the button and other links with the Baillie color (or variations) have focus, they should turn bright green
Heading Color: #292929
    Headings should be close to black
Link Color: #015e3d
    Links should be the Baillie color

Gadget Color 1: #015e3d
    The primary gadget color should be the Baillie color

Icon/favicon implementation:
Assets were taken from www.baillie.com
    Favicon was taken from /images/favicon.png
    Icon/logo was taken from /images/bailliehrlogo.png
Within Jira Administration > System > User Interface > Look and feel:
Logo > Upload from File > upload bailliehrlogo.png
Favicon > Upload from File > upload favicon.png

UI design considerations:
The most readable configurations were those with black text on white background. There were iterations where text was white with the baillie color as the background. Though this was readable, users (especially agents) would have to read and navigate using these for hours at a time. After a while, this configuration and configurations like it would surely get exhausting. The human eye, however, is accustomed to reading black text on white. Not only does this make for a more comfortable reading experience, but the look that's achieved is quite clean and aesthetic. Implementing the Baillie color (#015e3d) as highlights in this configuration works well for branding without being overt. "Highlighted" items, in this case, comprise the following: links, items with focus, gadget headers, menu items with focus. As these items are a minority on screen real estate, such a bold color as #015e3d provides a balanced contrast. Additionally, when items have focus and gain this color, it provides power to the action that the item telegraphs, allowing the user to more intuitively navigate and use tools.

Portal setup:

Ticket Importation:
Used sql query and sql table viewer to find tables and export via csv. Edited using regular expressions in vim to match importing format in Jira

Our main goal is to export all tickets from Spiceworks while simultaneously stripping those tickets of useless information.
The information necessary to keep for any given ticket is its:
  ID
  Summary
  Status
  Description
  Location
  Date created
  Date closed
  Person created by
  Person assigned to
  Comments:
    Comment created by
    Comment body
    Comment date
    If the given comment is external or internal
Spiceworks provides a way to export tickets through Settings > Advanced Settings > Import/Export tickets
If you've done everything correctly, you should end up with a .db file that you can open with Sqlite3
In Sqlite 3, use the following query:
ADD QUERY HERE
to parse the relevant information into a csv file

Mail Setup:

